Isn't the raw material here?
The combination lock on the Baoxue River looks very simple.
Is it really a unique raw material in it?
How is this possible?
Does he really have rare raw materials in his hands?
Absolutely impossible
Only Zhou Lao has such a valuable thing in the world
How could it be picked up in one place?
In the hands of tattered people
Yes, it was handed to me by Zhou Tianhao himself
Get out of here!
Zhou Lao, who is that?
All he has to do is step on it.
The whole world is going to shake three times
Take such a valuable thing
I'll give you a poor boy who picks up junk
It's because your new boyfriend is awesome
A trash who can only pretend
Zhou Tianhao is in this hotel
If you don't believe me, I will call him over to meet you.
Enough, Skinson
I know you're trying to help me.
But you lied too big.
That's the end of today's farce
How could it be a farce?
Yunwei, our company Jingchen never tells lies
Okay, do you still think I'm not ashamed enough today?
Did you hear it? Get out of here
What are you doing here?
Ouch, what if the thing is in your hands?
I think you have only seen the ghost coin in case, hahaha.
Just a poor guy with no money
If you don't believe me
I'll call Zhou Dinghao now
Let him identify it for himself
Is this thing real?
What's cool
Who do you think you are?
He also called Mr. Zhou over
Shut up, if you offend Lao Zhou
Zhou Laoguan's crime has implicated our Shen family
Get lost
Si Jing Chen, let's go
Yun Mei, you have to believe me
I'm telling the truth.
I'm doomed now
Good yesterday, come to see me in Box 6 of Liuliu immediately